Subtitles by DramaFever
[Cross]
[The characters, groups, places and
situations in this drama are fictional.]
Prisoner 4713 is here for his treatment.
Why didn't I realize it earlier?
You haven't changed one bit!
Your father came to me and said
that he needed money for his kids.
He said that he didn't even
have money for his daughter's surgery
but that his son had asked for sneakers.
Doctor!
Kim Hyung Bum told me
about my father's last words.
That's why I told you to leave there.
Staying by him will only be hard for you.
4817, let's make a deal.
- Baek Sung Ho.
- Yes?
- You've been snacking, haven't you?
- I don't have any money.
Then why are your levels so high?
My stomach hurts so much.
Have... have another.
Call an internal medicine doctor!
- Call N.S. as well.
- Why do we need neurosurgery?
He could've damaged
his brain during the fall.
I'm his guardian. I know him best!
Are you sure he's getting
the right treatment?
Neurosurgery.
Hurry and call neurosurgery!
And take a brain CT! Hurry!
4713.
What do we do? The doctors
are out at the moment
and so is the ambulance car.
- Did you call 911?
- Yes.
[Episode 7]
Move! This is an emergency!
[February 13th, 2018, 7 p.m.
Palmunsan Funeral Hall, Son: Kang In Kyu]
I'm afraid that we discovered it too late
so there's nothing we can do.
I advise that you
prepare yourself emotionally.
Is surgery not at all possible?
That man was his guardian, wasn't he?
- Yes.
- I explained it indirectly for him.
He already has brain herniation.
His brain is swollen
and already expanding past his skull.
Didn't you say that the patient
has a history of diabetes?
The brain swells even faster
in patients with blood sugar problems.
If we open up his skull now,
we won't be able to close it back up.
- Hello?
- Doctor Kang, we're in trouble.
Prisoner Kim Hyung Bum
was in critical condition, so...
- What happened to Kim Hyung Bum?
- He came here in a state of shock
so we sent him away in an ambulance,
but they got into a car accident.
Hold on. Did you say
that he went into shock?
- Yes.
- What state was he in exactly?
He was convulsing
and exhibited hemoptysis.
Convulsion and hemoptysis.
Acute renal failure has finally begun.
- You said there was a car accident?
- Yes.
- Which hospital was he taken to?
- Goil Hospital.
I got a call saying that Prison Officer
Lee Joo Young is over there.
I got it.
What on earth is going on? What do
you mean, there was a car accident?
Why did Prisoner 4713 leave the prison
and why did the ambulance
get into car accident?
The patient was in critical condition,
but there was nothing we could do
so we sent him to a hospital.
Why was there nothing you could do,
when there are two doctors here?
Wait.
- Where did everyone go?
- Sunrim Hospital.
Why did they go there?
Because Prisoner Baek Sung Ho
was in critical situation...
Sir.
How on earth did you manage the place
to let all this happen in one day?
And not just one,
but two emergencies in one day!
I apologize.
Keep your mouths shut
until we get more information.
So that this doesn't leak out!
Yes, Sir.
Move!
Oh, sure. One moment, please.
Doctor! Doctor Kang!
- Move! Move!
- Coming through!
Excuse me, where's the patient
from Shingwang Prison?
Oh, the patient from Shingwang Prison?
I think he's over there.
- Are you all right?
- Yes, Doctor.
Where's Prisoner Kim Hyung Bum?
- 4713?
- Yes.
Isn't he here?
Weren't you transferred here together?
No, 4713 was transferred first.
To which hospital?
I don't know
which hospital he was taken to...
Is he really not here?
No.
Was he taken
to a different hospital then?
Did Kim Hyung Bum regain consciousness
while he was being transferred?
No, he was in a
state of shock the whole time.
Okay, I understand. Please stay put.
Okay.
Yes, hello. I'm looking for a patient
who was transferred by ambulance.
Yes, his name is Kim Hyung Bum,
and he's a prisoner at Shingwang Prison.
I'm sorry, but there's
no one by that name.
[Hospitals]
[Ian Hospital]
It's currently 9:40 p.m. We'll begin
the first brain death examination.
I'll check his cerebral reflex first.
Can you hear me?
I'll check his brain stem reflex.
Both his right and left eyes
are open by 10 millimeters.
And I see no signs of pupillary reflex.
This will hurt a bit.
What's this?
I made it for you
during job preparation class.
So we can have a celebratory drink
when I'm released next month.
Are you still thinking about drinking?
Are you allowed to bring
such things without permission?
I'm not.
Just leave it.
Lastly, we'll conduct a respiratory test.
We'll come back in five minutes
to check his results.
We'll be back in six hours
to conduct the second round of tests.
Here!
Whoa, good job!
- That's right!
- Keep up the good work!
Hey, Sung Ho.
Sung Ho.
Excuse me, did a patient
in a prison uniform come in?
- No.
- What about one from a car accident?
There's one car accident patient
on the far side of the room.
Why don't you go in and check?
- Excuse me.
- Oh, hello.
Did you transfer a car accident patient
from National Highway 27 today?
No, we didn't.
I'm sorry, but could you
look it up on your database?
- What's the patient's name?
- Kim Hyung Bum.
[Rescue and EMS
Activity Information System]
[Kim Hyung Bum]
[There's no related data.]
That name's not in the system.
Thank you.
[Shingwang Prison Infirmary]
Yes.
We don't know the details either.
All we know is that a prisoner collapsed
- so we sent him in an ambulance car.
- Hang up.
Okay, have a good evening.
- This is Shingwang Prison.
- Any news on Prisoner Kim Hyung Bum?
- Hang up. Hang up.
- It's Doctor Kang.
Doctor, where are you?
Hurry over here. It's hectic right now.
I asked if you heard
anything about Kim Hyung Bum!
No, not yet.
What is it?
[Organ Donation of Love]
I'm sure you know this already
but when a patient
is found to be brain-dead
we explain the organ donation
process to the family members.
I'll leave you to make the decision
while I briefly explain the program.
The decision to make
an organ donation completely depends
on your and his other
family members' opinions..
If you don't express your opinion,
his other family members can decide.
And even if you decide to do it
you can always cancel it
before the extraction takes place.
[Organ Donation Family Consent Form]
I'll wait outside, so please
take your time thinking about it
before you decide.
Yes?
You're here?
Do you have something to say?
Yes. A patient was
just examined for brain death
so I explained the
organ donation agreement to his father.
Oh, really?
- Dad.
- Yeah?
If...
If I was brain dead...
and you had to make
a decision, what would you decide?
What would you want me to do?
I've already signed the agreement,
and that's what I want...
but...
I want to know what you think.
If that's what you want,
I'd have to respect that.
I knew you'd say that.
I always respect your opinions.
I think the same way too.
Ji In.
No matter where you are
or what you decide
you'll always be my daughter.
Don't work too hard.
[Organ Donation Family Consent
Form for Baek Sung Ho]
Our Sung Ho...
is still so warm.
Sung Ho, I...
just need to know...
that you're alive...
somewhere in this world.
Our son.
What will you do now...
if you... miss me?
I can't even go
and see you whenever I want...
Stay healthy.
I... I...
love you very much, Son.
I looked through all the ERs in the area.
Where... could Kim Hyung Bum be?
Breaking news. A prisoner recently
escaped from Shingwang Prison
so the correctional authorities
have made their search public.
Prisoner Kim Hyung Bum,
who convulsed due to drug overdose
was discovered
at around 7 p.m. last night.
At the time, the prison's emergency car
was transporting
a brain hemorrhage patient.
As a result, the prison
called a nearby ambulance service
but the ambulance got into an accident,
giving Kim Hyung Bum a chance to escape.
It appears that Kim Hyung Bum's men
waited nearby and caused the accident.
Correctional authorities
are currently chasing him down.
In the meantime, they are investigating
speculations that Kim Hyung Bum
extorted another prisoner's
medications to escape from jail.
The prisoner who supplied Kim Hyung Bum
with drugs suffered a brain hemorrhage
and was transferred to Sunrim Hospital.
In even more shocking news,
he was pronounced brain dead today.
[Restricted Number]
I got out safely, thanks to you.
Where are you?
Why? Are you going
to come looking for me?
There's no need for that.
I'll come find you.
Come here! Come here, right now!
Send Chief Baek my regards.
He must be so heartbroken.
Hey, you son of a bitch!
[Baek Sung Ho's Extraction]
Before we begin
we'll have a moment of silence
in respect for this donor.
A moment of silence, please.
Okay.
Let's begin.
Scalpel.
Gauze.
Did you send him off well?
Yeah, so don't worry too much.
We should've taken
a CT scan as soon as he got here.
I heard that his guardian is a doctor.
He was the one who wanted to treat
his DKA first, so how is it your fault?
But he's his guardian.
How could he have made a rational
decision when his family member's sick?
The first thing Doctor Kang suspected
was a brain hemorrhage too.
- Call N.S. as well.
- Why do we need neurosurgery?
He might've suffered
a brain injury during the fall.
What are you saying?
Don't you see his vitals?
We don't have time.
We have to treat his DKA first!
We should still take a brain CT!
Why didn't I suspect that?
By Doctor Kang,
do you mean Doctor Kang In Kyu?
Yeah. And we only found out about his
mental state when Doctor Kang checked it.
Where are the meds?
You sure did collect a lot.
My stomach hurts so much.
Have... have another.
Are you all right?
Chief Baek cried a lot when he saw this.
What is going on here?
I told you guys to keep your mouths shut!
I apologize.
Why is this happening when
my retirement is just around the corner?
I'm sure they wouldn't fire you.
Are you kidding me?
A prisoner escaped! He escaped!
It looks like my 30 years as
a civil servant will amount to nothing!
I apologize, Chief!
We're from the correctional headquarters.
Which one of you is Chief Noh Jong Il?
Oh, that's him.
Die!
Die, you son of a bitch!
Die! Die, you son of a bitch!
Chief Baek, why are you doing this?
You mustn't do this, Chief!
Let go!
Hurry! Hurry!
- My son!
- You mustn't do this, Chief.
My... my Sung Ho...
died because of you.
My son!
You killed him, you son of a bitch...
Kang In Kyu!
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E07 Cross
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Why did you call me out in this cold?
Because you're always holed up
in the hospital every day.
A person should get
some sunlight once in a while.
Look at your red nose.
What's this?
It's a cell phone. A smartphone.
Get rid of your old 2G phone
and use a nice one for a change.
I'm okay with my old one though.
In any case, thanks.
Oh, by the way...
is he okay?
- Who?
- I guess you don't know yet.
Shingwang Prison is in trouble
because of an escaped prisoner.
- When did that happen?
- Was it yesterday?
I heard it was the man who hurt
Patient Lee Gil Sang in the ICU.
[Organ Trade Criminal
Kim Hyung Bum's Whereabouts Unknown]
[Son]
The phone is turned off, please...
I don't even dare...
to tell you...
that I'm sorry.
But...
I can't stop either.
I'll receive my punishment...
after I catch Kim Hyung Bum.
How's his current condition?
As soon as he regains
his normal weight and urine levels
we can take a CT scan
and move him to the general ward.
When will that be?
If he continues to recover
at this rate, by the end of the week.
Congressman Noh,
you have been through a lot.
It sounds like you're well enough
to be transferred to the general ward.
Thank you for your efforts, everyone.
Don't mention it. You were
the one who suffered most.
Well, please get some rest.
For the letters of reference
for the medical tourism complex...
who do you plan on asking?
We've already received one from the organ
institute and one from Congressman Noh.
It'd be nice if we had just one more.
- From an influential man.
- I'll look into it further.
But more importantly
you're managing Congressman Noh's
documents properly, right?
Of course.
If the center chief were
to catch on at a crucial time like this
it would get very complicated.
Yes, I understand.
Geez, you'll catch a cold.
Thank you.
[Breaking News - Open Search
for Escaped Prisoner, Kim Hyung Bum]
["In the Sky, in the Wind"
Kang Dae Soo, Kang In Joo]
This wasn't...
what I wanted.
I don't know what I'm doing right now.
I'll be back.
Make lots of money, okay?
Why did you...
leave so early?
I miss you.
Dad!
In Joo!
Where are you?
Dad! In Joo!
Dad!
Dad.
Here you are.
Let go!
In Kyu!
Kang In Kyu!
Open up.
Get some rest.
Good work today.
[Dad]
- Hello?
- Hey, are you busy?
I'm getting off work now. Why?
Come here with some fluids
and an emergency kit then.
- Where are you?
- I'll text you my location.
Geez, it's heavy.
- Hey.
- I'm here.
- Whose place is this?
- Come in.
Gosh, you should've told me earlier.
If I had, you wouldn't have come.
Still.
Oh my, wait a minute. Why is he so hurt?
He was hurt last time too.
What does he go around doing?
I don't know either.
If you're that worried about him,
you should move in together.
Wouldn't you be worried if you were
in my shoes? Look at his face.
He must be cold. Go find
some warm blankets.
- Did you find some?
- Yes, I'm coming.
Whose picture is it
that he hides it in his closet?
[Breaking News - Open Search
for Escaped Prisoner, Kim Hyung Bum]
Wait, then the person in that photo...
You're up?
Why are you still here?
In Kyu.
- It's time to stop.
- Stop what?
Stop pursuing Kim Hyung Bum.
I can't. This is only the beginning.
Is it that hard to give up?
Do you have to get revenge
to resolve your inner turmoil?
Would you be able
to give up if it were you?
If your father had died
in that bastard's hands?
Your father wouldn't have
wanted to see you live this way.
He would've wanted you to live your life.
Not a life of chasing
the tail of a bastard like that.
Getting revenge for my father
isn't my only goal anymore.
I've come too far to turn back now.
Just keep this in mind.
Although you already look pitiful...
if you succeed in getting your revenge,
you'll become even more miserable.
- Hello?
- I'm calling from Sunrim Hospital.
Is this Doctor Kang In Kyu?
Yes, that's me.
I'm just calling to let you know that
Patient Lee Gil Sang has woken up.
I need you to drop by since he could be
transferred to the general ward soon.
I'll head over right now.
How do you feel?
You know Kim Hyung Bum, don't you?
The man who put you in this state
escaped from prison yesterday.
Where can I find him?
I don't know.
You need to tell me whatever you know
if you want Kim Hyung Bum to be caught.
I really don't know.
In this place...
there isn't a single person
who can keep you safe.
[Lee Gil Sang]
He said he wanted
nothing else but for you to die.
He told me to kill you.
VIP.
"VIP?"
The Hyung Bum that I know
would look for VIP first.
Who's this VIP you speak of?
Our client...
from the Palmunsan incident.
- What are you doing here?
- I just need a minute.
I need to hear something from him.
Get out.
Come here!
What on earth are you up to?
Are you trying to kill Lee Gil Sang
because you can't get to Kim Hyung Bum?
It's not like that.
Then why are you here?
As someone who had no interest
in him since sending him here.
I said there's something
I need to hear from him!
I... forbid you from entering the ICU.
- Can't I visit a patient?
- I'm liable for my patients' safety.
I'll only go after I hear
what he has to tell me.
Center Chief, Patient Lee Gil Sang
is in critical condition!
Security! Security!
Catch him!
Don't let him come in!
Let go!
His blood pressure can't be detected!
Give him epinephrine
and prepare him for intubation.
Yes, Sir.
- Ambu and defibrillator.
- Yes, Sir.
I'll do it.
Five, six, seven, eight, nine...
[Restricted Number]
Hello?
Geez, that poor son of a bitch.
After he narrowly escaped death too.
You did this, didn't you?
Aren't you curious?
About the man who ordered us
to cut your father open
and who got your father's kidney.
Only that bastard knew who they were.
But what will you do now?
He's dead now.
21, 22, 23, 24, 25...
26, 27, 28, 29, 30!
- 150 Joules.
- 150 Joules. Charged.
Clear.
Shoot!
26, 27, 28, 29, 30!
- 150 Joules, one more time.
- 150 Joules. Charged.
Clear.
Shoot!
- 200 Joules.
- 200 Joules. Charged.
Clear.
Shoot!
I pronounce this patient dead.
February 20th, 2018.
9:47 p.m.
Lee Gil Sang is pronounced dead.
[Cross]
Are you saying that a patient died after
a suspicious person entered the ICU?
- What did you do to Lee Gil Sang?
- I didn't do anything.
Why did he go into an arrest
after you visited him then?
I don't expect you to believe me.
Chief Director Son,
Chairman Choi is here.
In what way is your daughter sick?
That's why I came
to talk to you, Chief Director Son.
Han Sik! Han Sik!
Are you okay?
If you saved him against my orders
you should've taken
full responsibility, but what's this?
There will be disciplinary action,
so keep that in mind.
You can't win Yeon Hee over
because you're a pushover!
- Joo Hyuk!
- Don't worry. I'll help you.
You're the best
as long as you're not nervous.
Why are you saying that
all of a sudden, Center Chief?
Didn't you say you needed
a kidney? I found it for you
so call me as soon as you have the money.
I'll extract it for you
as soon as we set a date.
Subtitles by DramaFever